---
layout: 		modal
id: 			1
title: 			Cheshire Anti-Slavery Network
area: 			Subregional
chaired: 		Independent
coordinated:	Independent
contact:		amy@cheshireantislaverynetwork.org.uk
---

Activities
----------

* Community awareness-raising
* Intelligence sharing
* Planning for joint enforcement
* Joint commissioning of services
* Survivor support
* Monitoring and analysis of progress

Members
-------

Cheshire East Council, Halton Borough Council, Cheshire West and Chester Council, Warrington BC, National Crime Agency, GLAA, West Cheshire and Vale Royal BC, HMRC, British Red Cross, Churches Together, CPS, Cheshire Fire and Rescue, DWP, Cheshire Cares, NW Trading standards, NW ROCU (TITAN), Halton CCG, Immigration Enforcement CFI

Objectives
----------

To establish a Multi-Agency Partnership in order that Cheshire becomes resilient and hostile to slavery.  The partnership will be known as the Cheshire Anti-Slavery Network.  The Network will facilitate the development of knowledge, information, data and skills across member agencies and enable the sharing of good practice.  It will also facilitate the development of a pro-active and co-ordinated Pan-Cheshire response to the threat of modern day slavery.   The partnership is victim focussed and aims to increase the number of victims rescued in the Cheshire area contributing to an impact nationally and internationally.

* The Network is based on a Nationally Recognised Model of Good Practice.
* The Network is in alignment with and reflects guidance set out in the Home Office Modern Slavery Strategy.
* The Network is based on a collaborative approach which draws on the strengths of Statutory Agencies, NGO’s and the Business Sector – all working together.