---
layout: 		modal
id: 			11
title: 			Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership Steering Group
area: 			Subregional
chaired: 		Rotates
coordinated:	Non Government Organisation
contact:		sian@shivafoundation.org.uk 
---

Activities
----------

* Community awareness-raising
* Frontline staff training
* Intelligence sharing
* Planning for joint enforcement
* Co-ordinating referrals
* Survivor support
* Supply chains analysis
* Monitoring and analysis of progress
 
Members
-------

Shiva Foundation; Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire; Operation Tropic (Anti-Trafficking SOCG, Hertfordshire Constabulary); Hertfordshire Constabulary; NHS Herts Valley Clinical Commissioning Group; Hertfordshire County Council (Learning Disabilities & Mental Health + Public Health + Young People's Substance Misuse & Crime Reduction Services + Domestic Abuse + Community Protection); Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service; Hertsmere Borough Council (Community & Safety + Councillor).

Objectives
----------

The Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership Steering Group brings together statutory and non-statutory partners from across the county to discuss and improve how we work together to combat human trafficking and modern slavery in all its forms. The group was established to provide a strategic meeting framework for Hertfordshire to raise awareness, share information and proactively work together to ensure a consistent and robust approach to tackling slavery.

* Adopt and review annually an effective, over-arching action plan for the implementation of the Modern Slavery Act and delivery of the Independent Anti-Slavery Commissioner’s Modern Slavery Strategy in Hertfordshire; including delivery of Hertfordshire’s supplementary strategic plan.
* Promote awareness of slavery and of the contribution that can be made by agencies in the public, private and voluntary sectors, and by the public, to reduce its incidence and impact in Hertfordshire.
* Facilitate the sharing of experiences and expertise between agencies in the public, private and voluntary sectors; developing intelligence & information sharing protocols when necessary.
* Develop effective referral pathways and appropriate support for victims of slavery; encouraging a victim focused approach and good practice in victim care.
* Enable inter-action with other agencies, anti-slavery partnerships and experts as necessary within the UK and beyond, where dealing effectively with an issue requires a wider collaborative response.
* Identify any gaps in current county-wide provision of services, anticipate future demand and escalate to appropriate organisations.
* Remain abreast of current developments and initiatives relating to slavery issues.
Provide an annual progress report to the Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire as a member of the National Anti-Trafficking and Modern Slavery Network; for further escalation to the Independent Anti-Slavery Commissioner.

