---
layout: 		modal
id: 			15
title: 			Lincolnshire Police Modern Slavery Partnership
area: 			Subregional
chaired: 		Police
coordinated:	Police

---

Activities
----------

* Community awareness-raising
* Frontline staff training
* Intelligence sharing

Members
-------

GLA, Salvation Army, Lincolnshire County Council, Lincoln City Council, NHS, Boston Borough Council, Home Office, Rethink, HMPS, Church of England, Lincolnshire Safeguarding Board, Family Care-Nottingham, Probation Service

Objectives
----------

* Working in partnership as a multi-agency group to develop a county wide shared strategy that addresses organised immigration crime, human trafficking and exploitation (OICHTE).
* To develop an established, consistent, risk based response process that all agencies understand, which has the primary focus of safeguarding of the victims.  
* To develop an accurate overview and understanding of the impact of Modern Slavery issues within the county of Lincolnshire and establish appropriate intelligence gathering and information sharing arrangements between partner agencies.
* Provide victims with the assistance of a quality focused investigation and appropriate support.
* Reduce the incidents of organised immigration crime, human trafficking and exploitation.
* Actively target the perpetrators of organised immigration crime, human trafficking and exploitation.
* Raise the awareness of Modern Slavery and the associated referral processes across all agencies in order to ensure that all frontline staff across the partnership can identify victims and perpetrators and take the most appropriate action.
* Share best practice and develop a tool kit of options to assist each strand of the partnership in dealing with these types of cases.