---
layout: 		modal
id: 			49
title: 			Greater Manchester Modern Slavery Response Network
area: 			Subregional
chaired: 		Rotates
coordinated:	Non Government Organisation
contact:		traffickingandslavery@gmp.police.uk
---

Activities
----------

* Community awareness-raising
* Frontline staff training
* Intelligence sharing
* Planning for joint enforcement
* Joint commissioning of services
* Supply chains analysis
* Co-ordinating referrals
* Survivor support
* Monitoring and analysis of progress

Members
-------

NGO Forum - meets quarterly and 1:1 meetings ongoing as needed.  Hosted by the STOP THE TRAFFIK Coordinator 
NGO's: Red Cross, City Hearts, Afruca, Medaille Trust, STOP THE TRAFFIK, Hope for Justice, Barnardos, Palm Cove Society, Soroptimists, Urban Outreach Bolton, Bolton at Home, Saheli, IOM, Chyrsalis, Nigerian Womens Group, Airport Chaplaincy, Manchester Action on Street Health (MASH), Caritas,  Friendship Foundation (UK and Romania), Greater Manchester Immigration Aid Unit, Kaskosan Roma Charity, Action Together, Parasol, Supreme JC Consultancy, Lifeshare, Trafford Rape Crisis Centre, Manchester Homelessness Partnership, Booth Centre.     
Multi Faith Forum- meets quarterly/as and when.  Hosted by the Dean of Manchester. Supported by the Coordinator .  Leaders meeting = 15-20 multi faith leaders. Public events = 70-100 attendees on average.          
Business network supported by the Coordinator. Hosted by the Co-Op. In development for 2017 
The NGO forum serves as a 2-way dialogue between enforcement/statutory agencies and NGO's. Representatives from Police, LA, Immigrationa and Border Force also attend on a regular basis.

Objectives
----------

The Response Network objectives are: Awareness Raising, Information Sharing and Victim Protection. This survey will not cover all the co-located agency objectives, but those of the external partnership.