---
layout: 		modal
id: 			52
title: 			Swindon and Wiltshire Anti-Slavery Partnership
area: 			Subregional
chaired: 		Police
coordinated:	Non Government Oganisation
---

Activities
----------

* Community awareness-raising
* Frontline staff training
* Intelligence sharing
* Planning for joint enforcement
* Joint commissioning of services
* Supply chains analysis
* Co-ordinating referrals
* Survivor support
* Monitoring and analysis of progress

Members
-------

Wiltshire Constabulary, Crimestoppers Trust, Swindon Borough Council, Wiltshire Council, Medaille Trust, NHS England (Central South West), HMRC, Unseen

Objectives
----------

* Encourage collaborative working locally, increase information sharing and remove duplication between partners.
* Raise awareness of Modern Slavery issue amongst local frontline staff across all sectors. 
* Promote training to frontline staff regarding identifying the early indicators of HT/MS, the response to those concerns and where to go for help.
* Raise awareness of the NRM process and support available to potential victims.
* Engage the local community, organisations and businesses to assist in identifying potential HT/MS issues, using all available communication channels.
* Raise awareness regarding the responsibilities of local businesses and organisations in combating HT/MS.
* Increase local intelligence in order to increase the likelihood of prosecutions.
* Prevent exploitation, either wittingly or unwittingly, by members of the public, businesses, vulnerable adults or other groups through awareness raising of the issue and training.
* Align the Partnership’s activity to linked strategies, National and Regional 4P Modern Slavery Plans and Regional ASP Plan.
* Unseen: Please see the [regional partnership details page](http://www.aspartnership.org.uk/partnerships) for further details about the work of the ASPs.