---
layout: 		modal
id: 			62
title: 			Cleveland Strategic Vulnerable Exploited Missing and Trafficked Partnership Board (VEMT)
area: 			Subregional
chaired: 		Police
coordinated:	Police
---

Activities
----------

* Community awareness-raising
* Frontline staff training
* Intelligence sharing
* Joint commissioning of services
* Survivor support, Monitoring and analysis of progress

Members
-------

Police, Probation, 4 Local Authority areas, Housing, Health, Barnardos, Child and Adult Services, Education

Objectives
----------

Tees Strategic Vulnerable, Exploited, Missing and Trafficked Children Group’s objectives

It is our clear intent to improve the lives of children living in Teesside We will do so by ensuring children and young people understand the risks of going missing, being sexually exploited or trafficked, enabling them to cease contact with the perpetrators of this abuse. This will lead to better outcomes for children and young people through raised self esteem, engagement in other activities, and through attending school or college to plan for their future

The objectives of the group are to: 

* Identify those who are vulnerable to running away or going missing,  being sexually exploited or being trafficked by sharing information and assessing risk.
* To address the risks associated with victims, perpetrators and locations by proactive problem solving.
* To work collaboratively to ensure the safeguarding and welfare of children and young people who are vulnerable, who are at risk of running or missing, who are being or are at risk of being sexually exploited or trafficked.
* To take effective action against those intent on abusing and exploiting or trafficking children and young people in this way.
* To ensure awareness raising and prevention education for children and young people who are vulnerable, who are at risk of running or missing, are at risk of being sexually exploited or trafficked.
* To ensure that appropriate risk assessments are carried out according to the local authority area’s policies and procedures.
* To develop a shared picture of intelligence on  Teesside and adopt a review to determine if further interventions are required.
* To grade responses to the risk identified through appropriate risk assessments carried out on those vulnerable children at risk of running, missing, sexual exploitation and trafficking.
* To ensure early intervention is provided to reduce the harm posed to children and young people.
* To ensure the promotion of positive physical and emotional health and well being, ensuring relevant and timely access to appropriate health services.